we know how things started he answered
one of your fan letters and then an
unlikely correspondence began etc etc
why don't you just back it all the way
up to how things started with you and
John F Donovan I had just turned 11 kids
at school are mocking me from being a
new guy my mom and I we were barely
speaking anymore
all my dreams had disappeared the only
one that had survived was John yeah and
you're getting a pony for Christmas he
on the other hand had everything that my
fans loved I'm the luckiest guy in the
world
that's the time around which some people
started to wonder was it all a lie five
years ago it was wrong foolish for me to
think he would answer but he did only 11
years old but later I'll be like him and
will act and movies together
Bridget you made up a story I did it you
lied and you live for years I just it is
anything did you or did you not write
letters to that kid do your job next
you are never to write to that man again
do you understand
so why release the letters now it's been
12 years and frankly if things really
changed this is about us as a society
what we want what we seek I mean what
should an artist reveal himself and why
does it matter to us I feel like I've
done everything wrong I don't belong
here well if I've stolen someone else's
plate the question is how could you have
stolen a place that was made just for
you ma can I stay here tonight he can
stay here for the rest of your life
dear Rupert
I cannot think of a more singular friend
no one will understand this friendship
until the day you want them to
[Music]